Is there anything?
Son, are you a college boy?
Do my thing again.
But don't ruin it. Let's go.
It doesn't matter what you say.
But in my eyes
She's a girl who likes to play, isn't she?
You what you
You said I had sex with a college girl.
I've heard that rich bosses like you like to play young models.
I played seven or eight one night.
Why don't you check yourself?
This is slander.
You just slandered me and Yeon-yeon for messing up the relationship.
I like Yeon-yeon.
If I wanted to pursue her, I'd mess up the relationship.
Then it's up to you.
General Manager Meng, I have a question to ask you.
Why did you come to see me in the middle of the night?
Because someone told you there's life in my room.
Only care about you
That s because she cares about you.
I told you to knock.
Mr. Wang, you're a smart man.
Think about it with your head first.
You will understand what kind of person Shu Yan is.
You do it yourself.
You didn't go to bed either.